[8129] Added content for `Duplication Validations` (#5030)
DFE-Digital/register-trainee-teachers: app/views/api_docs/reference/v1.0-pre/_reference.md

Create a trainee.

#### Trainee duplication validations
<p class="govuk-body">

>   When creating a trainee, a duplication validation is performed this is to ensure that duplicate trainees are not created. This validation is a two-step process:

Reviewer: Couple of extra words in here?
```suggestion
  When creating a trainee, a duplication validation is performed to ensure that duplicate trainees are not created. This validation is a two-step process:
```

</p>
<ol class="govuk-list govuk-list--number">
  <li>Potential duplicates
    <ul class='govuk-list govuk-list--bullet'>
      <li>same birthday</li>
      <li>similar last name</li>
      <li>active and not awarded or withdrawn</li>
    </ul>
    <p class="govuk-body">
      These trainees are identified as potential matches based on their initial characteristics.
    </p>
  </li>
  <li>Confirmed duplicates
    <ul class='govuk-list govuk-list--bullet'>
      <li>same training year</li>
      <li>same training type</li>
      <li>same first name or email address</li>
    </ul>
    <p class="govuk-body">
      These trainees are verified as confirmed duplicates after passing the additional verification checks.
    </p>

>   </li>

Reviewer: Do we need to say it's a 2 step process? We only return an error when we have decided it's a 'confirmed duplicate' so might be simpler to give the conditions that satisfy a confirmed duplicate?

  </div>
</details>

#### Trainee duplication validations
When creating a trainee, a duplication validation is performed is to ensure that duplicate trainees are not created. This validation checks the following fields:

<ul class='govuk-list govuk-list--bullet'>
  <li><code>date_of_birth</code></li>
  <li><code>last_name</code></li>
  <li><code>itt_start_date</code></li>
  <li><code>training_route</code></li>
  <li><code>first_names</code></li>
  <li><code>email</code></li>
</ul>

> If the new trainee with two or more fields exists for the an existing trainee, it is considered a duplicate and will return an error message indicating already been taken.

Author: Suggestions is welcome as I went from vague reference of fields yet detailed process to exacting fields with focus on brevity to simplification of the process.

Perhaps a link to a tests to encapsulates the working of `FindDuplicateTrainees`.

What do you have in mind?

> If the new trainee with two or more fields exists for the an existing trainee, it is considered a duplicate and will return an error message indicating already been taken.

Reviewer: Yeah, we've gone a bit back and forth here.  I think something like this will do it.

A trainee will be flagged as a duplicate if:
* there is an exact match on `date_of_birth` and `training_route` and `last_name` (ignoring case) 
* **and** their start date (based on `trainee_start_date` or `itt_start_date`) is in the same academic year
* **and** there is a match on *either* `first_names` (ignoring case, punctuation, and special characters) *or* `email` (ignoring case).

  </div>
</details>

#### Trainee duplication validations
When creating a trainee, a duplication validation is performed to ensure that duplicate trainees are not created. A trainee will be flagged as a duplicate if:

<ul class='govuk-list govuk-list--bullet'>
  <li>there is an exact match on <code>date_of_birth</code> and <code>training_route</code> and <code>last_name</code> (ignoring case)</li>
  <li><strong>and</strong> their start date (based on <code>trainee_start_date</code> or <code>itt_start_date</code>) is in the same academic year</li>
  <li><strong>and</strong> there is a match on either <code>first_names</code> (ignoring case, punctuation, and special characters) or <code>email</code> (ignoring case)</li>
</ul>

> If the new trainee is flagged as a duplicate against an existing trainee, it is considered a duplicate and will return an error message indicating it is a duplicate.

Reviewer: Cut down on duplicates a bit?
```suggestion
If the new trainee is flagged as a duplicate, an error message will be returned indicating it is a duplicate.
```

Create a placement for this trainee.

#### Placement duplication validations
When creating a placement, a duplication validation is performed to ensure that duplicate placements are not created. This validation checks for the following attributes:

<ul class="govuk-list">

>   <li>Placement attributes

Reviewer: Not sure we need this 'Placement attributes' text here 🤔 We're in the placement section and I reckon the previous sentence gives enough context.

Create a degree for this trainee.

#### Degree duplication validations

> When creating a degree, a duplication validation is performed to ensure that duplicate degrees are not created. This validation checks for the following attributes:

Reviewer: I think we can drop the 'for' here (and elsewhere). It could be interpreted as checking for the presence of a field, rather than running checks on the field.

```suggestion
When creating a degree, a duplication validation is performed to ensure that duplicate degrees are not created. This validation checks the following attributes:
```
